da coolest reviews the funnest shit
nailing the fuck out of it every damn
day of the week show action inside a
figure review I am your host Anthony's a
metal store I'm hoping I beat this
scalpers hear the Toys R Us I want to
get another money in the big mouth this
fat sucker again and look he's got the
money in the bank I wanted to get
another one so I could make a super
structure and I was hoping for some
basic superstars series 31 I need some
more doubles doesn't look like he has
those in his car but man last one here
and look oh he's got a pork - he's gonna
get pissed off I'm looking at his shit
but I'm not taking nothing I mean let's
different mind what the hell you doing
hey fucking asshole I was just looking
at it for crying out loud the fuck a da
let's see if he left anything
fuck you you jerk-off fat fuck shit ass
alright let's see what we got it
he didn't leave much of anything good
it's not gonna shit all over the floor
let's see we got under here oh look no
more money in the bank's ass fucker I
hate that guy let's see here we got
Randy your hands Dobson you know what
I'm gonna go fuck with that guy which I
throw brawlin buddies at him now I have
a better idea
an old schoolyard tactic right kick me
and put a sign on his ass but instead
I'm gonna write something funny we're
gonna write b.i.g big fat fuck let's go
see if we can tape this on its back
let's see where is this big stupid
pickle shit fuckface there he is
okay we're gonna creep up on him real
gentle-like fuck on the big bugs back no
welcome to wild discovery with ebony
zone middles Dorf today we observe the
big fat fuck
in - I hope they scalp toys live in
their mothers basements and hate too
much food
and say waddle towards the exit the fat
fuck
does not even know he is labeled a big
fat fuck how long will he wear the sign
we do not know hey fucker fuck you
thanks for watching little Grimm ease
don't forget to check out our website
grins toy show calm buy all your
wrestling figures at wrestling figures
calm if you use discount code Grima
checkout you'll save 10% yes a link in
the description and please like this
video leave a comment and subscribe
fella
melih nailed it